docs: add migration docs for componet testing 6 to 7 (#3757)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/migration-guide.md

Unlike `cy.route()`, `cy.intercept()` currently does _not_ allow you to override a previous response. For more information on this, see [#9302](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9302) and [this blog post](https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/cypress-intercept-problems/#no-overwriting-interceptors). Overriding responses will be added in a future release.

## Migrating to Component Testing 7.0

### cypress.json

Remove `"experimentalComponentTesting": true` since the flag will give you an error.

Remember that from 7.0 you can configure `cypress.json` and have specific flags for component testing or e2e.

For example if you want video recording enabled only for End-to-end testing, you can disbale it for compoent testing like so

```json
{
  "testFiles": "**/*spec.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}",
  "video": true,
  "component": {
    "componentFolder": "src/components",
    "video": false
  }
}
```

> [Read the docs for the new config](/guides/references/configuration)

Reviewer: nit: `.` at the end.

> ### Plugins file

Reviewer: Convention in the docs seems to be title case. So "Plugins File".

You will want to apply this convention to all headings.

#### Predefined react plugins

> First, if you are using a predefined plugin of `@cypress/react`, Component Testing is still configured the same. No action neede

Reviewer: This sentence is missing the ending

If the path contains `@cypress/react/plugins/...` you are using one.

<Alert type="info">

You are requiring from `cypress-react-unit-test/plugins/...`? Then you are using an old version of Cypress Component Testing. <br/>
The package has changed name last year and has moved to the `@cypress` npm organisation.
Please install `@cypress/react` and update the required path to `@cypress/react/plugins/...`

</Alert>

For example, this `cypress/plugins.js` file is still valid.

```js
const injectNextDevServer = require('@cypress/react/plugins/next')

module.exports = (on, config) => {
  injectNextDevServer(on, config)

  return config
}
```

#### Dev-servers instead of Preprocessors

Before 7.0, Cypress Component testing used preprocessors to bundle your code before serving it to the cypress tests.
You could have a plugins file like the following:

```js
const webpackPreprocessor = require('@cypress/webpack-preprocessor')
const webpackConfig = require('../webpack.config')

module.exports = (on, config) => {
  on('file:preprocessor', webpackPreprocessor(options))

  return config
}
```

> In 7.0 we introduced the concept of test "dev-server". So you will have to change the plugins file like so.

Reviewer: "... concept of **a** test dev-server"

```js
const { startDevServer } = require('@cypress/webpack-dev-server') // replace the preprocessor with a dev-server
const webpackConfig = require('../webpack.config')

module.exports = (on, config) => {
  on('dev-server:start', (options) => {
    // use the dev-server:start event instead of file preprocessor
    return startDevServer({ options, webpackConfig })
  })

  return config
}
```

### Support file

> Here is a piece of good news: You do not need to have anything in the support file anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You no longer require a support file.
```

> If you find the following line in your support file, remove it, it is not useful anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find the following line in your support file, remove it. It is no longer required.
```

```js
import '@cypress/react/hooks' // OR import '@cypress/react/hooks'
```

We kept the file in the published version to avoid breaking changes. But the file does not do anything.

### New commands

> In 6.X we launched Component Testing with the same command as End to End testing: `cypress open`. Running the tests in CI, meant we run `cypress run` wether it was component tests or integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 6.X we launched Component Testing with the same command as End to End testing: `cypress open`. Running the tests in CI meant we ran `cypress run` whether it was component or integration tests.
```

In 7.0, we added 2 new commands:

#### cypress open-ct

This command opens your browser, with a list of all the specs found for component testing.

<DocsImage src="/img/guides/cypress-open-ct.png" alt="When you open React Component Test" ></DocsImage>

> In this interface you run your tests by clicking on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this interface you run your tests by selecting them from the file navigator view on the left.
```

#### cypress run-ct

In Continuous Integration, you will want to run all component-testing specs at once. This command will do exactly that and fail if one spec returns an error.

### Breaking changes

#### Coverage

In 6.X, React component testing embeds test coverage tools by default.
If you wish to monitor coverage in your tests, you have to install it yourself.

Use [this documentation](/guides/tooling/code-coverage) to bring it back.

#### React cypress selector

> In 6.X, `cypress-react-selector` was installed within `@cypress/react`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 6.X, `cypress-react-selector` was installed within `@cypress/react`.
```

> If you use `cy.react()` in your tests, [install it back in your support file](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress-react-selector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `cy.react()` in your tests, [add it back in your support file](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress-react-selector)
```

#### Cleanup after each tests

In 6.X if you updated the html independently from the Component Tests, the HTML was reinitialized after every test.

In 7.0, only the components added using the `mount()` function will be cleaned automatically.

> If you have 2 tests like this in the same spec file, they will deal with teh same HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have 2 tests like this in the same spec file, they will deal with the same HTML.
```

```js
describe('HTML changes', () => {
  it('first test', () => {
    Cypress.$('body').append("<div id='firstDiv'/>")
    cy.get('.firstDiv').should('be.visible')
  })

  it('second test', () => {
    Cypress.$('body').append("<div id='secondDiv'/>")
    cy.get('div').should('have.length', 2) // this will contain both div
    // the first div will not have been cleaned up after the first test
    // It will remain in the DOM until it is manually removed
  })
})
```

> but you can do this without needing to cleanup yourself between each test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this without needing to cleanup yourself between each test:
```
